#### Which of the following are standard annotations
#### used to suppress various warnings generated by the compiler?

* A. @SuppressWarnings("rawtypes")
* B. @SuppressWarnings({"deprecation", "unchecked"})
* C. @SuppressWarnings("deprecation", "unchecked")
    Syntax is incorrect because this annotation takes only one value type String array.
    So, if you want to pass multiple string values, you must pass an array containing those values.
* D. @SafeVarargs

``` java
  class Test{
      /*This can be used on a constructor or a method. If a constructor or a method tries
      to perform unsafe operations involving a var args parameter and a parameterized collection,
      a warning is generated. This annotation suppresses that warning. Example:*/

      @SafeVarargs // Not actually safe but still suppresses the warning
      static void m(List<String>... stringLists) {
          Object[] array = stringLists;
          List<Integer> tmpList = Arrays.asList(42);

              array[0] = tmpList; //it is semantically invalid,
              //but compiles without warnings because of the annotation

              String s = stringLists[0].get(0); // Oh no, ClassCastException at runtime!
          }
          
  }
``` 
* E. @Override
    This annotation is used only on methods.
    It causes a warning to be generated if a method does not actually override
    any method from the base class. It does not suppress any warning.
* F. @Deprecated
    This annotation causes a warning to be generated. It does not suppress any warning.


As per JLS 11 section 9.6.4.5, @SuppressWarnings must support three values: unchecked, deprecation, and removal.
However, it is not an error if you use a value that is not supported by the compiler. A compiler simply ignores it.
Different compilers may support more values. For example, Oracle's javac compiler supports a large number
of values (https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/11/tools/javac.html ) .
The ones that you should be aware of for the exam are: none, rawtypes, serial, and varargs.
This annotation is not repeatable. Therefore, you cannot use it twice on the same type.
However, you can specify multiple values like this:
@SuppressWarnings({"deprecation", "unchecked"})

(Correct is A, B, D)
